you will be very lucky 	
you will get great riches soon
Being nice to phd students will bring you great joy
A chance meeting opens new doors to success and friendship
you learn from your mistakes, you will learn a lot today... 
What ever you're goal is in life, embrace it visualize it, and for it will be yours.
You cannot love life until you live the life you love.
Meeting adversity well is the source of your strength.
Never give up. You're not a failure if you don't give up.
Adversity is the parent of virtue.
Now is the time to try something new.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
A stranger, is a friend you have not spoken to yet.
Accept your past without regrets. Handle your present with confidence. Face your future without fear.
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
Believing that you are beautiful will make you appear beautiful to others around you.
You cannot become rich except by enriching others.
How can you have a beutiful ending without making beautiful mistakes.
Good health will be yours for a long time.
There will be a happy romance for you shortly.
Never upset the driver of the car you're in; they're the master of your destiny until you get home.
When you look down, all you see is dirt, so keep looking up.
If you are afraid to shake the dice, you will never throw a six.
A single conversation with a wise man is better than ten years of study.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go where there is no path...and leave a trail
Your ability for accomplishment will be followed by success.
It never pays to kick a skunk.
Not all closed eye is sleeping nor open eye is seeing.
Life is like a dogsled team. If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes.
Intelligence is the door to freedom and alert attention is the mother of intelligence.
For success today look first to yourself.
If you do not have time to do it right, when will you have time to redo it?
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
You will be rewarded for being a good listener in the next week.
Land is always in the mind of the flying birds.
It's all right to have butterflies in your stomach. Just get them to fly in formation.
I think, you ate your fortune while you were eating your cookie
Those who walk in other's tracks leave no footprints.
Do not seek so much to find the answer as much as to understand the question better. 
Two small jumps are sometimes better than one big leap.
It better to be the hammer than the nail.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
You will be hungry again in one hour.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things. 
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
