I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker...   
I went to the bank the other day and asked the banker to check my balance 	 ...  
What do you get if you cross a robot with a farmer?             ...    
How many robots does it take to screw in a light bulb?   ... 
There are 10 types of people in the world, those who understand binary and those that don't. 
Two robots roll into a bar, the third had a better driver
I needed a password 8 charictors long, so I used snow white and the seven dwarves
As a new robot I was made to walk the plank, the university didn't have a dog
I watched a documentary on how ships are held together, ... 
How does the pope pay for things online?   
I have just finished reading the book utopia,   
I used to be addicted to swimming, 
My friend told me he was going to a fancy dress party as an Italian island. 
I went to waterstones and asked the lady for a book about turtles, 
My friend told me I should get one of those S. A. D lamps, 
A tourist on the London Underground asked, ‘could you tell me how to get to the airport via Barking?’ 
Not a lot of people have heard of my hometown, Goole. 
My wife and I have two daughters. They are seven and nine. 
My Dad told me to invest my money in bonds. 
I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time. 
We know the location of the Big Apple,
Went to my allotment and found that there was twice as much soil as there was the week before. 
I used to think an ocean of soda existed,
There are very few people doing Roman-numeral jokes these days. 
Recently in court, I was found guilty of being egotistical.
They're always telling me to live my dreams. 
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? 
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? 
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom 
Relationships are a lot like algebra. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
I'm great at multitasking. 
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. 
Yesterday, I fell down the stairs. 
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? 
What did the duck say when he bought lipstick? 
