I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker...   But when I got home 	all the signs were there 	
I went to the bank the other day and asked the banker to check my balance 	 ...  so she pushed me
What do you get if you cross a robot with a farmer?             ...                    A trans-farmer
How many robots does it take to screw in a light bulb?   ...  Three, one to hold the light buld and two to rotate the robot
There are 10 types of people in the world, those who understand binary and those that don't. 
Two robots roll into a bar, the third had a better driver
I needed a password 8 charictors long, so I used snow white and the seven dwarves
As a new robot I was made to walk the plank, the university didn't have a dog
I watched a documentary on how ships are held together, ... riveting 
How does the pope pay for things online?    papal
I have just finished reading the book utopia,    it was not as good as it sounds
I used to be addicted to swimming, I am proud to say I have been dry for 3 years
My friend told me he was going to a fancy dress party as an Italian island. I told him dont be sicily
I went to waterstones and asked the lady for a book about turtles, she said hardback, i said yes, and small heads
My friend told me I should get one of those S. A. D lamps, I don't know why she was spelling, lamps can't hear
A tourist on the London Underground asked, ‘could you tell me how to get to the airport via Barking?’ So I pointed at a map and woofed.
Not a lot of people have heard of my hometown, Goole. I think it’s because if you Google ‘Goole’, it just says ‘Did you mean Google?’
Whenever I’m on a date with a girl I tell her she has an amazing laugh to trick her into thinking she’s been laughing a lot. 
My wife and I have two daughters. They are seven and nine. I know what you’re thinking; odd names.
My Dad told me to invest my money in bonds. So I bought 100 copies of Goldfinger
I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time. 
We know the location of the Big Apple, but do we know where the Minneapolis
Went to my allotment and found that there was twice as much soil as there was the week before. The  plot thickens.
I used to think an ocean of soda existed, but it was just a Fanta sea
There are very few people doing Roman-numeral jokes these days. I is one.
Recently in court, I was found guilty of being egotistical. I am appealing.
They're always telling me to live my dreams. But I don't want to be naked in an exam I haven't revised for...
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? He wanted to win the No-bell prize!
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
Relationships are a lot like algebra. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
Yesterday, I fell down the stairs. Thank God I was on the third step.
What did the duck say when he bought lipstick? "Put it on my bill."
